so I just finished doing my ombre hair
and it came out a little bit more subtle
than I had hoped but I guess that's a
good thing because you can always work
with subtle but you can't work with too
crazy I feel like at least so and I had
decided I wasn't going to do this intro
until a few more washes just because
obviously color comes out darker when
you first do it it kind of washes out
but I figured that's okay because I can
always do an update video later on so
first and foremost I used this Revlon
kids and you will see like me doing the
steps later on but just going over it
frost and glow kit in honey highlights
from medium to dark brown here so I had
initially thought I was just going to do
the ends but then I had put a few
streaks up on top to that came up kind
of mix they were kind of orange e and
brassy and I just didn't like the way
they look so I went over it with a dark
brown hair color and I'm sure it will
show a little bit more as it washes out
but for now I do like this and i will be
using my black Melva from aveda to kind
of tone down the brassiness as i go
along and conditioner shampoo my hair
but for the bottom what I did to tone it
basically is used this L'Oreal True
brunettes color is called ultra light
ash brown and it's a Mew el61 and
actually this one is made especially for
dark brown hair so it also has some
lightning technology in here so I went
over the bottom just just from here on
down with this and that way so I
actually did it in one process what i
did is i had this dark brown hair I'm
like color already at home so I put that
on to cover up the brass and is here
from here to here and then from here to
here I did this and that way I was just
able to leave it on 20 minutes all
together and just wash it off and i love
the effect i feel like it did come out a
little bit more subtle than I was hoping
for but
I think this is easier to work with and
also since this is just the first time
that I did it obviously it will wash out
a little bit lighter in a few more
washes but as you guys know I don't wash
my hair that often um only about once or
twice a week at most so it's gonna take
a few weeks what I'm thinking is in a
few weeks hopefully I can condition my
hair and oil and stuff and get it back
restored from all the damage that
obviously bleach and hair color does and
then what i can do is redo just the
bottom portion and what we'll see in the
video what i had done is just done like
patches down here for a more natural
look but what I might do next time is
just kind of dip diet from here to here
Bleacher it and we'll see but obviously
it's better to do it gradually in
smaller steps so that's what it came out
at I'm as and I hope you guys enjoyed
the kind of bits and pieces of the
tutorial um I've mentioned this before
I'm a mom there's a lot of noise in the
background so it's kind of hard for me
to do like full-on tutorials but I think
you get the picture obviously there's a
ton of YouTube tutorials out there on
right here but I thought I just kind of
share with you guys my own journey on
how I got it and I absolutely love it it
works out great I every winter i
promised myself i'm not gonna get
highlights and then every summer i want
them so i feel like this is a good
compromise in between because it's in
right now and i can maintain it easily
because i can just can't keep doing my
route when I you know as my grace pop up
and I've got the blonde down here so
there are i should say brown but i love
it let me know what you guys think and
if you have any questions please feel
free to comment below and i will catch
you guys later hey guys so here i am
ready to start i'm using the revlon's
frost and glow kit in the honey
highlights for medium to dark brown hair
i have the mixture mixed all
ready and I have decided not to use the
catechols that comes with it because
obviously I'm not really going for all
of our highlights I'm just going for the
ombre effect hello so what I'm gonna do
is just go ahead and take my own brush
that I had from last year and paint on
some highlights into my hair I could use
the cap for this but it's just easier to
control without the cap paint it on I
should probably put the gloves on I do
have some soil years i had just in case
I needed it and I'm thinking that I
might actually need it so what I'm going
to do is just take a little section mons
coming
so basically I have a few random foils
like just around my head just again so
it blends and I have done a few thicker
foils on the bottom but now I'm kind of
thinking that maybe I should just do it
all um on the bottom I'm not sure how
it's going to come out but I guess I
wasn't trying to go for anything too
drastic we'll come back and check and
I'll keep you posted hi hey guys so it's
been about 20 minutes since I've had the
mixture on and as you can see it's still
it's getting there but it still got a
little hint of like orange so I just
wanted to kind of show you guys that
that's okay it turns orange before it
turns blonde so if you are doing this
and if you see that don't get scared
check back with you in a little bit fine
hey guys so I'm happy mixture on my hair
for about 40 minutes now all together
obviously some parts have it on a little
bit longer than others also because i
reapplied it in some parts where i felt
like it had dried out but it was still
orange um so this is where how it's
coming out on some parts but then other
parts are still more of an orange eat
own so what I'm going to do is wait and
ten minutes which takes me to 50 and 60
is the max that you can go and I'm going
to wash it all off dry it and then I'm
going to do this and I know that it's
really damaging but I'm gonna do a hot
oil treatment immediately after that and
leave it on overnight hey guys so I have
all the foils out and as you can see
it's tough getting more yellowy blonde
now obviously this is not the finished
product okay guys so I'm back and ask
expected my hair is nice in some places
and a big mess and others so this side
I'm kind of liking the color but then
this side is a big ol mess and I really
wish that I hadn't even gone that high
up because it would have been so much
easier just to work with the ends but um
let me fix this so that's what it looks
like i'm gonna go ahead and do the ultra
light ash brown and the reason i'm
saying i wish i hadn't gone bad I office
because if I had just done it on the
bottom they would have just been easier
just to apply from here on down but now
that I went so high up it's gonna be
kind of a mess to work with that hard
but I'm going to go ahead and do this
and I'm not gonna film that part just
because it's going to be much messier
and I've got my kids coming in and out
of the bathroom too sometimes and um I
have the exhaust going so you guys might
not be able to even hear me so I'll be
back and then let's see what the
finished product looks like bye